(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time
to put your new skills with Twilio and Feign to work
in a programming challenge.
So here's the challenge.
The monitoring application for Landon Hotel
is almost complete.
There's just one last feature.
This feature will send a text message
whenever a tweet is made about the hotel.
In the text message,
we want to tell the manager
whether the content of the tweet is good or bad
based on the results of sentiment analysis
conducted by Azure Cognitive Services.
To see the details of how to send a text message with Twilio
navigate into the SMS API section of the documentation.
On the left-hand side bar, you'll see the message resource
and here's where you're going to find all the details
of how to send a text message with Twilio.
Now, the call looks very similar
to when we use the voice API.
So if you have any difficulties,
go take a look at our work in that area to help you out.
Once you've taken a look at the documentation,
I'd recommend just using our Twilio client interface
that already exists
to build the method that's going to send the text message
over to Twilio.
Once you have the method on the client
the remainder of the work will take place
in the Landon monitor application class.
Now, a few things here,
you'll notice that I'm injecting the Twilio SID,
the Twilio auth token,
the to number,
and then I have Constance for the from number
and the Twilio API domain.
So you'll want to make sure
that you have environment variables
that include this information on your workstation
and then you'll need to update the from number
to your from number that Twilio provided.
If you have all that configuration established
you'll be able to use the new method
you put on the Twilio client within the run method
to send the text message containing the sentiment analysis.
So take a shot at it.
And once you're ready, you can view my solution.